Add action skills and skill trees for different classes and add class mods for them
Add a quick change vending machine station where the player can customize their appearance and craft wanted posters that when consumed turn you into that class
Give players these posters when they make a character too

Add FFYL where the screen turns red and the player has 10 seconds to kill something or get revived otherwise they die

Reskin the guide to be claptrap and have him tell you what to do / how to play this mod. or just make a new npc.

Figure out how to use Structure Builder mod and other Utility mods

King bob - 5/8/2025 - "ykw would be cool? having the black market machine spawn in the caves somewhere that has good loot only openable after hardmode"

King bob - 6/8/2025 - "i was also thinking. what if you made some generic weapons that can be dropped from normal enemies at very low drop rates. like 3-4 pre hardmode and hardmode weapons. was just a thought i had this morning"

Add custom sound effects

Add exodus items

Next time you do an update make sure you do a "known bugs" tab

I like OG Eridium more, might have to make another item with it
Pistol and AR ammo looks a bit strange

FIXME: BALANCES

- Decrease fire rate of maggie, luck cannon, law because of autoswing

basic repeater:

does twice the damage listed
sound doesnt match up with how fast bullets fire
well rounded, it works great starter weapon.
mows down basic enemies and king slime.
slow bullets, but fits very well with the weapon

-

Hornet:

definitely deserves its spot for where you obtain it which is good
it is outclassed by the basic repeater in most ways.
lingering damage is awesome
bullets are super slow
doesnt kill king slime any faster than the basic repeater
great for crowds

super slow bullets
they are slow
like
30% the speed of normal bullets
maybe less
Doesnt match audio
all burst weapons dont match the sound

-

Law:

killed eye of cthulu in about 8 seconds on expert mode with normal bullets, needs a nerf of damage and fire rate due to auto swing.
does 50% more damage than listed.
melee is balanced
outclasses many hardmode weapons

-

hail:

perfect

-

unkempt harold:

perfect, just needs a change of projectile and its perfect.

-

cloud kill:

shreds everything, does like 6 times the damage listed every damage tick. 
needs a nerf to cloud damage by 50% imo?
fits where its supposed to be

OR nerf damage by 200% and increase fire rate? 
everything is on expert mode, normal ammo is used
no accessories

NERF CLOUD KILL CORROSION


Norfleet 

does 1500 damage on hit to empress of light. needs a heavy nerf in damage but is great in every other way


rapier

needs a fire rate, velocity and damage buff for its stage of game and cost to be worth anything. add the curse if not already added. melee is definitely balanced. 


Luck cannon

shoots insanely fast with auto swing on. does about 3X damage listed and does 2 damage instances, one for the bullet one for the explosion. projectile change and explosion change maybe? decently shreds golem.


Maggie

shreds every boss because of fire rate. damage is like 3X the listed amount. add randomness to bellet spread?


unkempt Harold

perfect, just needs a projectile change


Cloud kill

needs like a 250-300% damage nerf and more fire rate. drops from segments of eow instead of from a bag. maybe have it shoot normal or different projectiles then when it reaches a stopping point it swaps to the gas


the law

beam, stupidly op. shreds numerous bosses. lower the fire rate and it should be okay


infinity 

perfect, just add some randomness to where the bullets hit or a circular pattern to mimic the pattern from borderlands


light show

outclassed by Maggie, which is lower in progression. seems fine otherwise, maybe a nerf to the Maggie would fix. also, it only shoots 3 pellets, not 4


saw bar

perfect, just needs a fire rate buff, and maybe a 10% damage nerf to compensate. could use a projectile rework but not needed imo?


the hail

perfect. maybe a projectile change but its literally perfect
Card saids 19 im doing about 84 a shot
I am using ranger stuff so 
Without it it does about 1.5X more damage. Maybe just nerf it by 5 damage and it's healing factory down to 10%
Remove piercing from bullet
Faster fire rate, less damage

upon further testing the hail does not need a damage nerf. wall of flesh showed that to me. considering its dropped from skeletron and most weapons earned after skeletron are used at wof fight it definitely does not need a nerf. maybe the healing could use a nerf but damage wise its honestly lackluster. maybe its because of the bullets not registering. we will just have to see.
using only the hail with buffs, menacing and ranger armor, i got it to 30% and died at the edge of the map. doesnt need a damage nerf imo

the healing is way op, it keeps me alive
i really dislike slow fire rate in my opinion so ill leave fire rate stuff to you
i always like fast fire rate


the butcher

best most perfect item, only needs bullet randomness and like a tiny nerf to damage if you want it to be accurate to bl2


ogre

bullets are wavy?? seems fine otherwise as long as it doesn't drop from the weaker ogre enemies 


the hive

honestly its balanced. just the grog makes it broken


shredifier

just need a fire rate buff. perfect otherwise


the fibber

has 11 pellets after hitting a target. kinda op but it is op in general when you can aim it right so it works


badaboom

perfect, super fun


world burn

nearly perfect. maybe nerf its damage slightly by like 5-15%? and lower its fire rate like crazy. snail speed?


lyuda (Lyudmila)

first bullet does 2X listed damage. split bullets do like 3X-5X damage and almost always crit. just needs its damage fixed and its perfect imo.


nukem

perfect


zim

perfect other than the fact its super weak in its stage of the game you get it from


Florentine

seems fine, i think it just needs a fire rate buff which mean a damage nerf too


orc

needs a serious fire rate buff but seems fine. damage is 50% higher than listed. maybe just nerf it a little in damage


heart breaker

needs a rework tbh. different projectiles, needs a wider spread and slightly more damage but less health steal than it is currently. 


grog

needs a damage nerf to reflect its bl2 counterpart. the drunk effect makes everything op but its fine imo


lead storm

perfect, maybe nerf the damage and add more crit damage?


FIXME: BUGS

oh yeah that reminds me
found a bug
melee weapons when they have the elemental prefixes they work, but guns, bows, etc atleast vanilla ones do not work with elements.
musket, flintlock pistol, minishark, toxibow (calamity)
shortswords dont work tho
i dont know if it has to do with the ammo types being used? but all i know is that the weapons with predetermined elements do work
and the ones that worked were any melee weapon

Cloud Kill drops too much from eater of worlds, try other parts of his body

oh and i think ive figured out how to do trickshot
well not really
it was just a thought
i'll only apply it to ranger and mage weapons and hopefully that fixes it
cause rn its on the 'everything' option
and double penetrating is also now only ranger

Yeah I understand that. I’ve definitely seen some weapons that look really good in hardmode. Also a little bug I found is that if you reforge and get unreal, it stays on unreal indefinitely.

TODO: SOUND EFFECTS

butcher - item 38

heartbreaker - item 38

jakobs pistols - item 40 or 98 (98 pref)

all launchers - item 62, 66, 69, or 70
(Norfleet can remain unchanged or use item 84)

sawbar explosion - item 88

zim - item 11

Florentine, cloud kill - item 12, 42, 91, 33 or 75

grog nozzle - item 21, 43 or 45

orc, hail, sawbar, rapier, shredifier, leadstorm - item 40

infinity, fibber, logans gun, lyuda, lightshow, - item 41